So I've done a little more work on the drop.
Let me just go ahead and play it from here.
And what I did is I adjusted the curve of the y axis for the bone.
So let's zoom in and take a look here.
Let me go back I'm going to set my I'll start at 150 here set my range from 150 to to 50.
And if we just play this you can see that he kind of drops a little more quickly and without a break
from the top to the bottom of the movement here that foot still pops.
But I'll work on that pretty soon.
But my main concern was a direct drop from here down to here for the root.
And one thing I did was I came in here to the y axis that up and down axis for the root bone and I changed
the curve from the normal or the default of bezique yea to Lennier.
So if I press the T key here you can see that I've got the ability to change the way the curves look
but the default is bezier with the handles and I changed it to Lennier just so I'd have a straight line
right down from the top of the drop to the bottom and I deleted all keyframes out of the middle.
So we've got that straight drop from here right down to here.
So what I need to do now is bring him back up into his standing pose.
So he's dropped down here.
Now he needs to stand back up.
So we'll begin with the root bone here.
And so he's dropped and maybe Let's see when he's going to stand up.
Let me see.
So maybe he begins standing up here.
So I'm going to go ahead and ZERO him out in the wind so I'll press the key and choose the Y-axis and
type in zero and bring him back up like this.
That's not quite where he needs to be but I can just hit G and move him around so maybe he needs to
be right around trying to find the center of gravity over those feet.
Something like that Mary is.
So let's see how that works.
Not too bad actually.
All right so now let's come to the point where he's fully stood up here and let's pose the arms so we'll
bring the arms back down and rotate those hands.
Yeah move the elbows out a bit like this and for this hand move it down and rotate that hand.
And move that elbow out just a bit maybe the whole arm can come down a bit.
All right let's see how that works.
Yeah they need to come down quicker.
So let's move these back see here the arms up here.
So each one of these
here they are so here's the left arm.
Let's take this back.
This and that works.
Got a pop because of the elbow there.
But just the speed of it.
Isn't too bad.
So I'll find Here's the right arm.
Let's drop that one down a little quicker and see what happens.
Will too much.
Take that move forward.
Not bad.
I'm going to move forward two more frames.
I feel like I want to try dropping him down just a hair more at the bottom of his drop.
I feel like that he maybe should go down just a tad bit more just a hair and I don't know how much this
is going to screw it up so save it and then pull him down a bit like a see if that does anything at
all.
All right.
Let's do it from the beginning again here.
Go back to the beginning and let's hit play.
Actually you know what let's do.
Well I'll hit Control up arrow to make this full screen and then I'll hit the zero key to view it through
the camera view.
All right so I'll press Alt A to begin the playback.
Yeah I think the arms are a little bit.
Stay a little bit too high.
They don't need to be that high when he hits the ground but other than that everything's looking pretty
good.
All right.
Well I will keep tweaking this.
There are a couple of things I see that I could work on in addition to the hands but in the next video
will work on animating him looking around the scene and animating the spotlight.